your what is up my view much from past
time entertainment I'm back again with
another movie trailer reaction now
straight out of come let me tell you
something straight up I'm a huge fan of
rap to me this is my model rap it's art
I do some bad you don't try to like to
get all my feelings out you know because
I really like artistic creativeness it
comes out of a person I tried to rap
rhymes arrive at the run before but yo
rap country this is all about to start
and with now I'm taking the hip hop
class hip I would walk a new class I
can't even see world view class in
college and I know and be able to say
what a hip hop class in college well
it's part of an African thirties
because I like documentaries so you know
I'm gonna watch this let's go Father be
wet in the pool for appropriate
audiences come help for you is dress Oh
hell yeah i'ma take it I'm gonna take
every chance guys
our art is a reflection of our reality
this move is gonna be
hi hi
well no reactions are straight out of
Compton oh my god this is going to be
epic I can just see right now guys but
uh Straight Outta Compton strip and all
I'm seeing since I I don't know much
about the history of NWA it's gonna be a
real exciting to watch I guess I'll
learn more about the rap history all
right that's it for today to reaction
yeah have you guys nice on my next video
whenever that may be big but I'm promise
you guys these things are coming to this
channel so stick around you don't want
to miss